Ruby on Rails Senior Software Developer- job post
Skillsetter.com
Remote
$150,000–$200,000 a year - Full-time
Skillsetter.com
Remote
$150,000–$200,000 a year
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Skills

Ruby on Rails

Ruby

MySQL
+ show more

Do you have experience in Ruby on Rails?
Education

Bachelor's
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

$150,000–$200,000 a year
Job type

Full-time
Shift and schedule

8 hour shift

Monday to Friday
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Paid time off
Dental care
Stock options
Extended health care
Work from home
Flexible schedule
&nbsp;
Full job description
Position Overview: We are seeking a talented and experienced Senior Software Developer who is excited to build a cutting-edge, research-driven system for assessing, learning, and practicing interpersonal skills. It's a weird niche but we know "how" you communicate is often more important than "what" you communicate.

Did you know that researchers can predict which surgeons are likely to get sued for malpractice by listening only to their tone of voice during patient consults?
Did you know that nursing managers that "run a tight ship" are four times more likely to have nurses cover-up errors administering prescribed drugs?
In addition to being curious about nerdy research findings like the above, the ideal candidate will have at least five years of hands-on experience developing web applications using Ruby on Rails and handling dev ops responsibilities for a large and scalable SaaS platform. You are passionate about harnessing the rapidly evolving landscape of AI tools to revolutionize the training sector. As a senior developer, you obsess about coding best practices, receiving critical feedback, performance optimization, and have the patience to support the development of others more junior than you.

Job Details

This is a full-time, permanent position with a 3-month probationary period to start
Ideal candidates located in or near Vancouver, BC, Canada
Remote work, work-from-home, flexible work hours
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and maintain robust and scalable web applications using Ruby on Rails, adhering to coding best practices and architectural principles.
Maintain and upgrade our SaaS infrastructure.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product development specialists, UX designers, AI researchers, quality assurance (QA), and customer success to translate business requirements into technical solutions.
Participate and conduct regular code reviews to improve every dev team member’s skills and output.
Stay updated on the latest trends, tools, and technologies in web development and leverage them to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our development process.
Take ownership of technical initiatives, drive process improvements, and advocate for best practices within the development team.
Participate in agile methodologies, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and retrospectives, to ensure timely and successful delivery of features and enhancements.
Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Minimum of five years of hands-on experience in Ruby on Rails development, with a strong understanding of Ruby language fundamentals and Rails conventions.
Strong dev ops skills and experience (AWS, Docker, Chef, Azure)
Proficiency in front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and front-end frameworks.
Experience with relational databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL) and proficiency in SQL query optimization.
Strong understanding of software development principles, design patterns, and best practices.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and mentor junior developers.
Demonstrated ability to work quickly and effectively, prioritize tasks, and meet aggressive deadlines.
Passion for continuous learning, professional development, and staying updated on industry trends and emerging technologies.
Compensation & Benefits

Competitive salary commensurate with experience, ranging from $150K-$250K. Equity will be considered for the right candidate.
Dental care
Extended health care
Paid time off
If you are a seasoned Ruby on Rails developer looking for meaningful work, and pushing the boundaries of what's possible with technology, we want to hear from you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $150,000.00-$200,000.00 per year

Additional pay:

Bonus pay
Benefits:

Dental care
Extended health care
Paid time off
Stock options
Work from home
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Application question(s):

What’s the most important thing to get right when building software?
In one sentence, what makes you a good senior engineer?
Education:

Bachelor's Degree (preferred)
Work Location: Remote

Application deadline: 2025-06-30

&nbsp;
